Do Not Forgive the MSM; Alt-Media, Our Job Is Not Over
Jimstone.is 
October 29 2016 

DO NOT FORGIVE THE MSM 

The MSM turned on Hillary. The FBI turned on Hillary. WANT TO KNOW WHY? Because in Florida, where they flipped a HUGE number of votes, Trump still had 68 percent of the vote. Nationwide they did not have the vote scam machines everywhere, and when that got averaged in, Trump took 82 percent of the votes nationwide EVEN WITH THE STOLEN VOTES SUBTRACTED FROM THE AVERAGE. THE FBI, FOX, CNN, EVERYONE ELSE KNEW THE GIG WAS UP, AND IS NOW ONLY MOVING TO SAY "SORRY" SO THEY DON'T GO TO JAIL. 

Well, I've got news for you: they are still the same lying despicable malfunctioning trash scum they always were; THEY SHOWED THEIR WORTH, and we would be IDIOTS to forgive them, no matter how badly they burn Hillary. 

CNN is despicable trash; we all witnessed it. NEVER FORGIVE THEM , because they have proven their worth already. No matter what they do, they can't recover from what they have done: they are garbage, a disease, bleach-worthy filth, and I hope Trump ERASES THEM. DITTO FOR ALL of the rest of the MSM, including The Huffington Post, Snopes, ABC-CBS-FOX-YOUNAMEIT – ALL of them are the lowest of filth that is now heading for the darkness of the nearest sewer to get away from the coming bulldozer. 

THE FBI is a trash agency, along with the rest of American intelligence, which only works to serve the enemy for as long as it thinks its head will not be cut off. ALL of the FBI MUST BE DISBANDED and EVERYONE in the FBI should be blackballed and never allowed to work again, with the top echelons jailed for life for treason. THEY LIED ABOUT 9-11 AND THEY KNEW IT , and have proven they serve one purpose: to protect evil. Ditto for the CIA, the NSA, the DHS, the TSA, and all the rest of the trash. All of it needs to go; there is not one fragment of it that should be salvaged. 

So they are all running like rats for cover: they know they blew it, they know they are going to be bagged for heinous crimes against America. Now they are putting on the biggest fakest show the world will ever witness. As if they cared! They never did care, and I hope to God Trump has a memory longer than the average jarhead and bags every last one of them when he has his day. They had BETTER run for the gates and ditch the country just like they said they would if he got elected – because if not, they are heading straight to the gates of justice. 

I would like to thank everyone in the alt-media who made this happen. And I would also like to say that I said it all along as it was and NEVER backed off: Hillary never had more than 8 percent national support. This is something I said repeatedly: that Trump was always 80+ percent supported, and I never wavered and never once posted bullshit like OH, LET'S REJOICE, TRUMP IS AT 51 PERCENT! That was always a trap – a scam, to justify stealing the election – and I called it as it was. 

Our job is not over 

The rot is there. It is deeply rooted, with fungus roots running all the way through the country. One bottle of bleach is not going to do more than spot-clean the surface. We won this battle, and it is NOT time to sit down. The alt-media cannot rest until CNN and all of the rest of the MSM is either bankrupted or jailed. The alt-media CANNOT rest for as long as Google is allowed to wage war on websites like this one by refusing to allow it ads. If this website were allowed ads, it would easily self-fund with $12,000 plus per month (and would probably have more than $24,000 per month). Denial of ads just because someone disagrees and has a monopoly established via full control of various ad firms is a flagrant violation of antitrust laws, and has to be stopped dead cold. 

The alt-media cannot stop until every last criminal in the FBI is jailed BY THE FBI. I am sick of the bait tactics and false flag psyops fronted by that agency: heads have GOT TO ROLL, PILES OF THEM, especially since it has been proven that it was the FBI itself that did the first World Trade Center bombing, with the full intent to bring one of the towers down. That's the type of agency that has got to be shuttered – or we are all toast, Trump or not. Yeah, I know YOU, at the FBI, are reading this. GO TO HELL. 

Our job will not be over until the CIA is cleaned out. Our job is not over until the American Bar Association is disbanded as the criminal bloodsucking hive it is. Our job is not over until the top executives at the medical companies that produced the tainted autism-inflicting vaccines hang with stretched necks. Our job will not be over until every last liberal arts and women's studies department of all universities have their staffs jailed for treason. They gutted the home front in a manner which was horrific beyond belief. Our job is not over until all of America's great libraries are fully restored after being totally wiped out by the Jews, and ALL scientific journals and works once again become fully free and public domain. Our job will not be over until the child-snatching CPS is shut down and their feed for their slave trade is cut off. Our job will not be over until American corporations begin to fight for America, and bring our jobs and American quality back. 

The list of what the alt-media needs to accomplish now that it appears the first huge battle has been won is practically endless. But I believe the alt-media is up to the task, and will succeed as long as ONE THING IS CEMENTED IN STONE: 



JULIAN ASSANGE IS OBVIOUSLY DEAD. 

Consider these facts, and then figure the odds of him being alive: 

1. Wikileaks' DNS server was suddenly pointed elsewhere. That's right: that night, in the wee hours of the morning after Pamela was there (to poison him), police in an armored vehicle showed up at the embassy; and THAT NIGHT, the DNS server pointed to a different IP address for Wikileaks, and GOOGLE updated everything instantly, so the transfer was completely seamless from the real Wikileaks server to the fake Wikileaks server that was at a completely different IP address. 

2. Mr. Assange's subsequent tweets were noticeably more hostile and attacked his most loyal supporters. I reported this repeatedly. 

3. Mr. Assange's tweets regularly misspelled the names of some of his closest friends whom he has known for decades (Gavin McFadyen became McFayden, for example). McFadyen, 76, the director of Wikileaks, was found dead three days after Assange started having mystery problems. This is something I made a huge issue of here. 

4. Streams of disinformation were spewed. 

5. Themes supported by Mr. Assange for years were then knocked down or discredited by his subsequent tweets and communications. Very bad timing with that. Everyone with a brain noticed this, and it lit up the forums and blogs. 

6. "Body double" rumors have been circulated and documented. 

7. New, strange, hitherto unknown moderators of Wikileaks have suddenly been installed. 

8. His "deadman switch" WAS ACTIVATED BEFORE THE ARMORED VEHICLE EVEN SHOWED UP AT THE EMBASSY, which means Assange probably manually triggered it after he figured out he was poisoned. Much of his stored data and secret website PINs were to be released in the event of his untimely death (I released both deadman switches here, one encrypted and one unencrypted). 

All of this happened right after Pamela Anderson showed up with a lunch that was no doubt poisoned, and the media talked all about how Assange was "pale" and "not feeling well" when she left, and that he said the food Pamela brought him was "torture". Good for a laugh in the inside circles to have this go out on the MSM, no doubt. 

MY TAKE: ASSANGE WAS POISONED, AND THEN REMOVED FROM THE EMBASSY IN AN ARMORED VEHICLE. This was clearly visible in a live feed someone set up that night because something was amiss, and I saw that and stayed up the entire night for it. That is why I so strongly stated that he can't possibly still be at the embassy. Perhaps he got medical care to save him and is now being waterboarded. 

If the new "wikileak releases" are real, they are NOT coming from the Wikileaks server – only a re-direct to a different server in the name of Wikileaks. The IP address change proves it, and we can only hope it is white hats doing it. It seems so, but one can only guess. 

Related: 

Did Google Kill Julian Assange? 