Who Is Peter Kadzik? The Clinton Ally and John Podesta's Very Close Friend Peter Kadzik Who Will Take Charge of DoJ's Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin Email Probe
Source: 70News 

October 31, 2016 Updated on November 1, 2016 

• John Podesta: Kadzik was a "fantastic lawyer" who "kept me out of jail." 

• Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. 

• Both were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 

• Kadzik lobbied Podesta ( then WH Chief of Staff ) to pardon his billionaire, tax dodger fugitive client Marc Rich, whose wife gave $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon. FBI Director James Comey is now trying to do the right thing and correct the deed cleaning up the mud he and Hillary Clinton put all over the face of FBI agency. By reopening Hillary Clinton's case, thanks to 650k-emails linked to sex scandal of Huma Abedin's husband Anthony Weiner and the mutiny of FBI agents who won't put up with Comey's crap, we are suppose to finally get justice. 

But guess what? DOJ assigned a Clinton ally and John Podesta's very close friend Peter Kadzik to take charge of the new investigation. 

In a letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it "will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible," assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 

WHO IS PETER KADZIK? 

According to an excellent article published by DAILY CALLER: 

The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, the Democrat's campaign chairman, met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. 

The dinner arrangement, revealed in hacked Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks, is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state's email practices. 


Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 

The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. 

Kadzik, who started at the DOJ in 2013, helped spearhead the effort to nominate Lynch, who was heavily criticized for her secret meeting with the former president. 

In the trenches 

Podesta and Kadzik have a long history — one which has largely gone unnoticed during the ongoing Clinton email scandal. 

Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation. And in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office. 

That history is cited by Podesta in another email hacked from his Gmail account. 

In a Sept. 2008 email , which the Washington Free Beacon flagged last week, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik for a supportive role in the campaign. 

Podesta, who would later head up the Obama White House transition effort, wrote that Kadzik was a "fantastic lawyer" who "kept me out of jail." 

Podesta had been promoted to Clinton’s chief of staff when he and Kadzik became embroiled in another scandal. 

Kadzik was then representing Marc Rich, a billionaire financier who was wanted by the U.S. government for evading a $48 million tax bill. The fugitive, who was also implicated in illegal trading activity with nations that sponsored terrorism, had been living in Switzerland for 17 years when he sought the pardon. 

To help Rich, Kadzik lobbied Podesta heavily in the weeks before Clinton left office on Jan. 20, 2001. 

A House Oversight Committee report released in May 2002 stated that "Kadzik was recruited into Marc Rich's lobbying campaign because he was a long-time friend of White House Chief of Staff John Podesta." 

The report noted that Kadzik contacted Podesta at least seven times regarding Rich’s pardon. 

On top of the all-hands-on-deck lobbying effort, Rich's ex-wife, Denise Rich, had doled out more than $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon. She gave $100,000 to Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and another $450,000 to the Clinton presidential library.

SOMETHING STINKS (again)! Peter J. Kadzik a Assistant Attorney General having dinner with Podesta WHILE FBI is investigating HRC? Nice! -VJ pic.twitter.com/xVjiRwQMCz — RealVinnieJames (@RealVinnieJames) October 30, 2016 

