Insiders Threaten to Expose Hillary's Pedophile Sex Ring!!!
BREAKING BOMBSHELL! FBI NYPD INSIDERS LEAK - Email Scandal About to Take a SICK and TWISTED Turn    
Source: Victurus Libertas  


All of the following information was given to us by our insiders who have specific first-hand knowledge of the Hillary Clinton email scandal. It seems that things are about to heat up. We are told that of the 662,871 emails lifted from Anthony Weiner's computer, 11,112 emails are Huma Abedin's… and pay to play – including Saudis and Israelis. Meaning Huma was the one Hillary USED to communicate with foreign leaders via email for inside information and deals via Huma's computer. 

It has been established through many avenues, but mainly through Wikileaks, that the Clinton Foundation was just a farce set up in order to perform pay-to-play games with multiple entities, including foreign nations. Pay-to-play nations include: Israel, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Qatar, Kazakhstan, and the Ukraine. 
Furthermore, we are told by one of our insiders that one email unequivocally confirms ISIS was created by CIA and Israeli Secret Intelligence Service , with help from Joe Lieberman, John McCain, and Lindsey Graham! An NYPD insider said the content they viewed did include State Department TOP SECRET emails. One file was called "Life Insurance". A second file was titled " DNC Nuclear Arsenal ". 

A third file I'm sure Hillary definitely DOES NOT want released was a file labeled "Intimate" … according to this NYPD insider, this file contained X-rated photos of Huma and Hillary with a TEENAGER . 

NYPD detectives were sickened by what they saw, according to our insider, and they had threatened FBI field agents that they would leak this information, if the FBI did not "step up and take off the kid gloves" . At that point, 13 of the FBI agents in NYC were also threatening to leak the information. 

As you can imagine, the scandal has the entire Obama Administration in full panic. We are told there are emails that could send Loretta Lynch to prison , as well as Bill and Hillary. The Twitter post below, our sources sent us, verifying it is all true: 




Even MORE! 

The following information comes straight from an FBI Anonymous source, who is the senior analyst who posted on 4chan in early July of this year: 

Jim Comey learned that some of his own investigators were tipping off both Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton, thus making his job impossible. 

Comey sent a letter to Congress, knowing that ultimately it would expose Loretta Lynch as a dirty actor and the breadcrumbs would lead directly to Obama . The State Department is terrified now. Comey has assembled a small team of 40 agents, whom he has declared "The Untouchables" after the famous federal agent Eliot Ness. 

Comey has clamped down on all FBI agents and he expects a full-scale war between the FBI and the Department of Justice (DOJ), the White House, and the State Department. He has confirmed and understands that many sitting senators, congressmen, lobbyists, and power players are going to be indicted and prosecuted . One of the main targets of the probe is the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative. Among the targets under investigation are John Podesta, Huma, Cheryl Mills, CNN, ABC, NBC, etc. 

As it turns out, Weiner, Huma's husband, had been forwarding Huma's emails each time she came home and left her computer open. Huma appears to have been in touch with Saudi actors, and therefore, ESPIONAGE is strongly suspected. 
Comey and his 40 " Untouchables " are now preparing to take down the largest corruption ever witnessed in American history… which is what I think MUST happen if Comey is planning to stay part of the FBI. He lost so much respect and so much credibility with the first Hillary investigation, it would take something of this magnitude to allow him to face the public again. The Pentagon has internal players and outside players they call " creatives ". Creatives are civilians who tend to be geniuses, malcontents, extreme hackers, or otherwise demonstrate brilliance in other useful areas. A Pentagon program called Cicada 3301 , which we have reported on previously, was created by several of these talented civilians. The program is now used to allow thousands of honest government people to report on their corrupt superiors, using what is called a DEAD BOX whistleblower encryption method so the non-corrupted government officials can report corruption and still remain safe. 

I've heard it said "A vagina almost took down Bill, now will a Weiner take down Hillary?" LOL! 

Again, thank you to all of the insiders, the whistleblowers, the good FBI agents, the good CIA agents, the good NYPD officers, and the non-corrupted government officials who want to see the truth exposed! Without these brave, wonderful, and morally erect individuals, our country would still be in the corrupted darkness. 



Vistors to Epstein's Little St. James Island include: 

• Ehud Barak , the former Prime Minister of Israel (1999-2001) – pedophile being procured underage girls by Epstein. Former Israeli Minister of Defense and also Deputy Israeli Prime Minister under Binyamin Netanyahu from 2009 to 2013. 

• Prince Andrew – British royalty – Jeffrey Epstein and his girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell pimped Epstein sex slave Virginia Roberts to Prince Andrew multiple times. The victim girls say Prince Andrew was very sexually sadistic; they despised this sick, twisted creature. 

• Kevin Spacey – actor in House of Cards. People tell me Spacey is gay, and my response is "Have you ever heard of the word bisexual?" Spacey is very good friends with 2 big-time pedophiles: Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton. Spacey, big Hollywood star, has 3.78 million Twitter followers. 

• Alan Dershowitz – longtime friend of Epstein, as well as one of his defense lawyers. Dershowitz was the one who negotiated that absurd plea bargain for Epstein that gave him a 13-month (served) sentence and a 16 hour/day day pass so he could spend most of his time in his mansion. Epstein sex slave Virginia Roberts has said that Epstein made her have sex with Dershowitz numerous times. The real question is how many other underage girls was Dershowitz having sex with? Virginia Roberts says Dershowitz also witnessed Epstein's pedophilic activities. 

http://victuruslibertas.com/2016/10/insiders-reveal-sex-ring/ 

Related: 

Abel Danger - "FBI INSIDER" - Clinton Foundation Scandal Would Bring Down the Government and More   

The Situation Is So Intense, It Involves the Entire US Government | FBI Insider   

*EXPLOSIVE* Q & A on the Clinton Foundation - FBI Insider on 4chan /pol/ : "Ask Me Anything About the Clinton Case" - George Soros Is the Kingpin - Follow the Rothschild Thread - Clinton Foundation Uses People as Currency - Jeffrey Epstein's Child Sex Trafficking Network - Bill & Hillary Clinton Get Paid in Money & Children - Hammer HRC's E-mails, Dig Into the CF: Post Everywhere You Can   

I SIS stands for "Israeli Secret Intelligence Service"   