Kids being made to vote for President in School
Kids being made to vote for President in School page: 1 link I live in West Virginia. My kids came home today from school and was talking about voting at school for the next President. They explained something similar to a ballot. Where they had to put a check mark beside who they wanted as President along with their home address and signature. I have never heard of this , as my kids have never had to do this before or was I notified that my kids would be voting. My kids are age 11 and 9, 1 in grade school and another in middle / jr high school. I asked them if they were given any documentation from school about the nominees. They showed me 1 paper that spoke about all of Hillary's achievements and on the back it shows Trumps. However the paper seemed biased speaking of Hillary's accomplishments and barely spoke of Trump other than he built a few buildings and was on a tv show. I do not own a actual camera other than my phone. So the pic is bit blurry. Picture of Document Again sorry for the blurry picture. My kids have been going to school here all their lives. I have never seen this before, might be something new. Has anyone else seen this before? edit on pmp20162016-10-26T18:08:54-05:0036 by apoc36 because: (no reason given) link originally posted by: apoc36 I live in West Virginia. My kids came home today from school and was talking about voting at school for the next President. They explained something similar to a ballot. Where they had to put a check mark beside who they wanted as President along with their home address and signature. I have never heard of this , as my kids have never had to do this before or was I notified that my kids would be voting. My kids are age 11 and 9, 1 in grade school and another in middle / jr high school. I asked them if they were given any documentation from school about the nominees. They showed me 1 paper that spoke about all of Hillary's achievements and on the back it shows Trumps. However the paper seemed biased speaking of Hillary's accomplishments and barely spoke of Trump other than he built a few buildings and was on a tv show. I do not own a actual camera other than my phone. So the pic is bit blurry. [url=http://postimg.org/image/v35tvwykv/]Blurry Picture of _/url] Again sorry for the blurry picture. My kids have been going to school here all their lives. I have never seen this before, might be something new. Has anyone else seen this before? This has been done for years. I remember it happening when I was in 2nd grade more than 40 years ago. I have heard that polling grade school children on Presidential elections is actually more accurate than 'scientific polls'. Children tend to hear what their parents opinions are on the subject without all the filters. They subconsciously 'vote' the way their parents will vote (supposedly).