Two Powerful Quakes Hit Italy Within Hours
Two Powerful Quakes Hit Italy Within Hours page: 1 Near the location of the deadly August quake. (see ATS for the August Quake info). The first quake: a magnitude-5.5 quake struck the same region. The epicenter was about 9 kilometers away, south-southwest of Visso. (It) hit at 7 p.m. (1 p.m. ET) between Perugia and Macerata, according to ANSA. The second quake -- with a magnitude of 6.1 -- was 3.2 kilometers (2 miles) north of Visso and 58 km (36 miles) from Perugia, the USGS reported. The depth of both is 10 km. There have been 2 aftershocks, 4.1 and 4.9, also at a depth of 10 KM. "We don't have any reported victims, but we're in the dark and under a downpour," said Mauro Falcucci, the mayor of the small town of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, according to state news agency ANSA. CNN's Barbie Nadeau was in Rome when the quakes struck. "Incredible aftershock or earthquake felt in Testaccio in Rome. Wow," she said on Twitter. Video showed a blocked road. Much of the are is small vilages that can't be reached by night. Some reports of damage and an injury has come in: News.com.au The quakes crumbled churches and buildings, knocking out power and sending panicked residents into the rain-drenched streets.One person was injured in Visso, where the rubble of collapsed buildings tumbled into the streets. But the Civil Protection agency, which initially reported two injured, had no other immediate reports of injuries or deaths. “We’re without power, waiting for emergency crews,” said the mayor of Castel Santangelo Sul Nera, a tiny town just north of some of the hard-hit areas of the August 24 quake. edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) Italian Prime Minister Renzi tweets: 'I want to thank those who are working in the rain in the earthquake areas. All Italy hugs those affected' - @matteorenzi edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) new topics