Gov. Bill Weld Encourges Supporters to Stop Trump
Gov. Bill Weld Encourges Supporters to Stop Trump page: 1 Statement by Gov. Bill Weld This is basically a backwards endorsement of Hillary. “Against that backdrop, I would like to address myself to all those in the electorate who remain torn between two so-called major party candidates whom they cannot enthusiastically support. I’m speaking particularly to those Republicans who feel that our President should exhibit commonly accepted standards of decency and discipline. *snip “After careful observation and reflection, I have come to believe that Donald Trump, if elected President of the United States, would not be able to stand up to this pressure and this criticism without becoming unhinged and unable to perform competently the duties of his office. I wonder what effect this will have on Libertarian Party members if any. I think it's unfortunate that people are feeling forced to support Hillary in order to stop Trump. Trump supporters need to take a long hard look in the mirror and realize that such a repulsive person, a man some voted for just for the lulz has ensured a Clinton presidency. You didn't stand up to the establishment you sent people fleeing to it. a reply to: Kali74 Check out the pretend libertarian! If I were libertarian, I'd be ticked off. Here's part of my supposed ticket endorsing one of the least libertarian candidates ever by making a fear play. what a bunch of doo doo feces this thread is. so voting for trump isnt standing up to the establisment? have you not watched veritas? have you not read anything from wikileaks? at this point im completely convinced if hillary wins this election, every women in america will be wearing a hijab within her presidency. the draft will make a return because we will be at war with russia and china. ok trump isnt a politician. and at this point, i dont think thats what we need. being president doesnt mean you have to be involved in politics your whole life. president of the us should be someone who has the values of america instilled in their heart. they should have america first mentality. hillary wants a 550% increase in muslim refugees. the same ones murdering and raping women throughout europe. the same ones who think because a woman isnt islamic, they can do whatever they want to them. hillary wants amnesty and open borders... great, so lots more columbian drug lords sending people over our border i want to feel safe in my own country. thats all i want. not fancy tax plans, free college, more jobs. trump makes me feel safe.