Little Blue Balls...
link Years ago I came here for the UFOs and after a small amount of time I stopped believing, mostly due to nothing being 'real' anymore, most stuff is faked, at least in my opinion... The below is true, even if it's not as exciting as CGI videos... My main reason for posting is about one of the (very few) times I saw 'stuff'. Back in Summer of July,1974 I went on a camping trip to Possum Kingdom Lake in West Texas with a friend Robert, (my last trip as a single guy before I got married the following month). The trip was a lot of canoeing, swimming, cliff diving, snorkeling, and camping out at night beneath the stars, no tent, just star gazing while we eventually drifted off to sleep nightly. (Robert and I were best friends and also worked together too) Anyway, one really, REALLY dark chilly and moonless night about 9:30pm or so, we had tucked ourselves in our sleeping bags and had a really good spot (elevated with no distractions) to look at the night sky, I had excellent vision then and could see pretty danged good, (I was 21) my friend was 20. He partook of the herb and drank beer daily and I consumed a few beers daily, by nightfall we were tuckered out and wanted nothing more than to just go to sleep, the heat of the West Texas day really took it out of us. The campsite was only accessed by boat, we used a rental canoe, so we paddled our way to this place that was a fairly large and very rugged rocky peninsula with some cliffs being 20-30 foot high. (They seemed a LOT taller to me!) We camped on the top of the cliffs at night and played down on the water by day. So this one night I was looking at a particular spot up there above us and he was looking at another, I then saw, it, and said, "Look right there!", he having binoculars he looked at where I had pointed, saw "it" and got pretty excited. He finally let me look at it through his binoculars and what I saw was the following... Slightly larger than what we normally see a satellite was a transparent, or semi-transparent and faint bluish looking sphere, a clear 'bubble really, moving at a speed I remember as being slightly faster than what a satellite would be going, but not so much faster or slower than any plane/jet traffic would be, in my estimation. It was going South and we watched it by passing the binoculars back and forth. We both assumed it was a satellite. Exciting stuff, but then one of us (I really can't remember who) noticed another one, this time coming from the East, they appeared to be on a course that appeared to us that would be really a close call if they were at the same altitude. When they were getting a little too close for comfort (at least for us!) the one that came from the East shot a light bluish light at the Southbound sphere, it wasn't laser-like at all (I don't think) but it appeared more like a v-shaped beam from a flashlight shot at it. It lasted all of a second, and I am positive that it happened due to we both saw it at the same time. The light flash made the Southbound one turn Westward, now going almost the same direction as the one from the East, making them both going in the same direction, actually the one that got flashed didn't make a 90 degree turn, it was really going more of a path more like West-southwest more like 87 degrees or so, just guessing now. When I say that it turned, it turned abruptly, not at all anything like any plane would do, that struck us both as being odd, no curving involved at all. We watched them until they both grew dim from the distance, both staying in a straight line to their (intended?) destination. Of course we kept thinking that the one that flashed the beam would turn and follow the other, but nope. I could be wrong on the speed and the directions, but the rest is completely accurate. The really sharp turn back then was unheard of, we hear it all of the time now, years ago though it wasn't talked about at all, not even in the tabloids. This is why this really stood out out to me all of these years, that almost 90 degree turn. To be honest I just didn't understand what we had just seen. We finally got to sleep that night, I don't know how long it took us, but we did, but after a few hours (around 3-ish am) Robert woke me up and said, "Listen!", and I heard footsteps, that scared us pretty good 'cause we had gotten so worked up earlier, I guess. heheh We listened to the small branches and small gravel rocks moving beneath whatever it was that was about to kill us, well, we did until we finally scared ourselves to sleep. (I have to admit, O.K., yeah, I did partake myself, but only a little bit, I wasn't into it like him but I was on vacation, that made us both VERY paranoid, I guess) Anyway, the next morning we found our bread and peanut butter missing, the bread's plastic wrapper was there but no bread. CREEPY. A few years later my boss (who I had told all of this to and he made fun of me) told me that the same thing happened to him, his peanut butter and bread went missing while camped on a river, they determined that it was a raccoon, which, they do this sort of thing, I know now. Now to regular people that might not seem like much, especially now days, here on this forum more spectacular claims are made daily. Still, for back then it was REALLY something. My older brother (by 3-1/2 years) and I were camping with no tent underneath the starry sky of Caddo Lake in East Texas around 1981 in the Spring, May I think, and we were looking at a patch of sky surrounded by silhouetted trees actually talking about when we were kids looking for flying saucers. (That's all they were known as back then) Our entire family would look out at the sky in our backyard, it was a common thing for us to do back in the fifties, after all, that was its heyday. As we stared at the sky in the back of my pick-up I mentioned the bluish sphere that I had seen years before at Possum Kingdom Lake, he being quiet through the entire story, he wasn't that talkative really, and within 5 minutes of me mentioning this to him we saw one. (I had my own binoculars this time!) I was really amazed, it was exactly as what I had seen before, I mean exactly! Nothing major happened though, it just quietly slid across the sky in front of us and disappeared behind the trees to our right, and that was that. My brother was never a believer anyway, maybe had it landed it would change his mind. We saw several regular ol' satellites afterwards too. Why I even bring this up is that when I first started coming here around 2008 (lurking) I read a thread of a guy here that saw the exact thing I did, with the slightly v-shaped flashlight looking beam and the other blue sphere turning away, I'd REALLY love to read that again, it was a good feeling to be somewhat confirmed. I say, "confirmed" because that friend, Robert that witnessed the sphere denied it in front of a LOT of people at work. We hardly talked about anything else on that trip, and especially on the way home too. Assuming he felt as I did I brought it up when a bunch of guys were taking a break at work, maybe 10-12 people, I didn't see the harm in telling what we saw. After I said my piece I said, "Ask Robert". Robert said I was crazy and he didn't see a thing, I thought he was kidding but he was being serious, you'd think that on the way back he'd say that he wasn't wanting to tell anyone, but, Nooo... edit on 26-10-2016 by recrisp because: Typo