the influencing machine and magnus olsens blood.
the influencing machine and magnus olsens blood. page: 1 First off i just heard of this about 2 months ago. His blood is clumping up and they found crystals that seem engineered in the blood using an electron microscope. then today i read this.. remote influencing.. As we all know all electronic circuits need power, in the case of Remote Influencing Psychotronic Generators provide this power. Tim Rifat has developed the Psychotronic Generator from simple Pavlita generators to the far future Bone Generators(TM) using your own skull and bones as Psychotronic Crystal Generators. These Bone Generators(TM) change the Quantum Wave Function of reality, Remote Influencing. The science of Remote Influencing is based on quantum mechanics only Tim Rifat has developed science to explain Remote Influencing. The process is to decohere the Quantum Wave Function, decollapse it and return it to it's quantum vacuum grand state, modify the Quantum Wave Function to the remote influenced event, collapse it using hyperinfinity so it manifests as your remote influenced event. (see www.supernaturalspirit.com Services for full explanation). In effect we zap the thing to be changed make it vanish and remanifest it as the event we went in laymans language; this takes energy supplied by Psychotronic Amplifiers in your Psychotronic Bone Generators(TM) as well as hyperinfinity the operator that holds the new event in being supplied by your Bone Generators(TM). Only one event can be carried out at a time (explained on www.psychicpowergambling.com) so Tim Rifat has arranged to quantum mechanically change your skeleton into Bone Psychotronic Generators(TM) for one specific event and give you the energy and Psychotronic Fuel with the hyperinfinity to manifest 12 of these singular events after which your Bone Generators which are acting as Psychotronic Batteries run out of energy. ive experienced temporal effects both physical and mental in being attacked by some kind of possibly similar technology. i have no dount im on a similar program as magnus. i get tortured bad. thats all ill say.